Bro this is peak, I’m not the best at reading but this helps me a lot to just read it but also have some dopamine haha
Is there anything that xp does, or is the number itself a reward
My oldest and I have been using your app together and we love it!! We both said we’d love some sort of chime or sound effect when you go up in xp and/or finish a chapter ❤️
I’m so hyped dude you’re my goat
Let’s goooooooo have you looked at the possibility of a friends system?
really appreciate what your doing. I’ve been recommending your app to some friends who are struggling to pick the book up. Keep it up🔥
This is so awesome! Keep it up 🔥
I love it!!!
Hey I just downloaded, its great! Keep up the work!
Can’t wait for this to be on android for my son!
You’re doing awesome! Totally sharing this with my nieces & nephews! 🔥
🔥
🔥🔥🔥
It's not on Google
Other languages please!! I want to practice my reading comprehension in French with the scriptures!
I really want to use it on my pixel (android)
I want the app to show my total days. Not start over every 7 days. I want to show I have been going for 14+. Days without missing
Great job, Evan (& Evan’s mom!)
When does it come to android?
Gold brother 🔥🔥✌🏽
It’s missing Moroni 7-10
When is android?
Awesome! Any way you can add notification or have a come follow me scriptures
Ahhh so exciting!!
Is D&C in the works by chance??
Bro in wich language you put BOM in the app ??? Is available in other languages?
Bro this is AMAZING!🤩
This is genuis. You need to find a way to do this for other books too
Do you have for android?
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Keep new things coming please!!🙏
Hey! The app is great. I’m using it and recommending it to everyone here in Uruguay 🇺🇾
You are killing it! 😍
Yessirrr this update is so peak! Cant wait for dark mode lol
I love your app!! I’m curious Will there ever be a Spanish version? I feel like I study well, but I want to use it to study for my mission, so I learn new phrases and I’m going Spanish speaking. 😅🙏
lwk really good, but I kinda want a dark mode
When does this come to the Google play store?
my friend just got baptised and she's struggling to read the scriptures daily and this would be perfect for her but she has an android
Please make it for Android
Following, hoping you add more languages soon ❤️. Great work
Honestly loving the app!
Love it! How about Spanish. This could be great for language learners!
I need this app for Android Man, help us!
Is it available on android?
DO IT FOR ANDROID TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! Brazilians need to use it toooo
Love this!
Would love to send you a DM so that I can help test on Android. Follow me so that I can send you my email.
It’s missing Jacob 4-7 and Moroni 7-10
On play store?
Can you make an audio option so we can listen to the scriptures?
I JUST DOWNLOADED ITTTTT
I am hyped
How can I find the app link?
ahhhh i need this
I can’t download it
Can we also get a bible additional sometime (that’s probably going to be really long and hard but yea lol)
Love it!!!
Old Testament next?
Add to android
I’m in this process right with my own build ❤️
Available for android?
Android please! (I'll be a tester if needed)
Just got it it’s so nice
just waiting till it's Available for Android! :)
I love it! Please put more chapters! It would be great if we could get it in different languages too and also maybe side by side with English! I’m trying to learn the verses in Spanish! This is awesome!
I cant wait to try it! This is an amazing idea for missionaries!!!
Hey dude way to go. This is tough and you are doing the lords work
Nany More church members use android than iOS, please port to android.
Love it! I’m sure you already had this planned, but it’d be great if the comprehension questions also focused on core doctrines and principles of the gospel when they come up in the verses, rather than just facts of the situation. It keeps the focus on the purpose and message, not only the events that occur. It would be cool if those parts were highlighted after the answer is revealed, referencing the parts of the verse which provided the answer. Keep up the great work! This is legendary🔥
i just need it on the google play store
CHECK YOUR DMS I HAVE SOMETHING!!!! ❤️
Love this app! A widgets would be cool so you can remember your streak
Love love love! Keep up the great work and keep building out those chapters! Maybe you could add questions or quiz on overall doctrine from each book. Also it would be fun to have a place to put personal notes or inspiration as you build and learn across the BOM
BRILLIANT.
This sounds so hype!!!! I'm also on Android, so looking forward to when that comes out 😉 keep it up man!
Do it for android phones
this is so genius fr
Do you have Persian? No one really does and I want the spirit in my studies
This is awesome!! Got through my first day and this is dope! Don’t stop getting more chapters and fun out there.
An amazing nap I love it. You should make an audio as well. That will be so much better. I have a hard time reading that would be amazing
I got a suggestion for your app. You should make it so it can turn into a widget so it is always on my home screen. Just a suggestion, and I love the app by the way great idea ￼￼
On Duolingo there’s different things you can learn (different languages, math, music, chess) so I think being able to have the choice to read all the different books not just the BOM. Would be a great addition to the app!
Android avalibility?
Bro I sent it to everyone
Android please. I'll test
can you let me beta test on playstore it says I can't message you
Waiting until it’s available in Germany 😍 even if it’s in English!
Just waiting for more chapters! It works great!
This is actually so cool! Instant download and follow
I know a lot of people have suggestions, but when you can, can you make it where you can highlight the verses? It helps me, and im sure it helps others relate and find things in the scriptures that can connect us to God more because we are searching for them
Yesss!!! It’s amazing I go through 2 little lessons a day and it’s amazing, if there was a way to go back to one section out of the lesson without having to go through the whole lesson would be killer!
Hey I just used the app today! It was great! I think what would also be great in the future would be adding an option for a widget that you can put on your home screen similar to Duolingo, but also eventually adding the bible and doctrine and covenants as well as the pearl of great price. I think that would be wonderful. It is a wonderful app and a fantastic idea! Keep up the great work!!
Is it in the Spanish language as well ??
I did bro
Brochacho if it could read it for me would be legit! Like duo
I will test this
I'd love to dm to get on list for early Android access, but it won't let me dm☹️
i love this idea book of mormon duolingo I'd love to be a early tester have been wanting for something like this! so excited
Please flee your false prophet and the false Jesus that can’t save you
Love it! You should add a widget so we can see our streak straight from our home screens
I need you to send me a message!!!!
I want to test
I'll be a tester
I'd love to try it!!!!!!
I sent a DM!
@ryanpnielsen mee too
Follow me back I can't DM unless you can't follow me
I would love to try this
Thank you!
Would love to test your app. Please follow me back
I sent a message ☺️
Follow me back so I can DM you
This is awesome! 😍
This is so cool!
I want this!!! Follow me back!! Plsss
Me, me, I'd love this app!!
Dido
Can you follow me back I'm not sure if it sent the message since you aren't following me
I'd love to test it! Is there maybe a setting you could change so anyone following you could send a message?
Do a dark mode pls
LOVE this idea! I downloaded it this morning. I wasn’t able to start where I was in Alma though? It could be user error because I could change my chapter but not the book 🫣 but either way I’m excited to share this with friends!
Oh I’m glad it wasn’t user error 🫣😂 I can’t wait for you to add more! This is such an exciting thing! Don’t even apologize!
Follow back
I would love to help test tether!!
Sent a DM. this is an awesome idea
I want to be a tester
@easton_cattaneo yessss i agreee
Yo you should add like a way i can compete with other people… like the leaderboard on duolingo
I'm New here. How is this different from Embark?
I would love to be an android tester. Sloosle@gmail.com
Could you send me please I'm using an Android : taylorsonny27@gmail.com
Hi! Can't DM you unless you follow me. I would love to test it on Android. (I'm Brazilian btw)
Ready to test! Add me 😊
I would love to test your app as well!!
I would love to try it!
Id love to try it out could you follow me back so I could send you my email?
Is it available in Canada? We are all iPhone users, but I’m not sure what to look for.
I want it!
Please, add me to the tester list!
Can you include PMG and other scriptures?
I'd like to try Android but it won't let me dm you unless your account follows me
You should make it so we can do it with friends
I’ve been using it the past couple of days and love it but I’d love to be able to follow along as it’s being read to me as my ADHD makes it hard to focus on what I’m reading and it would be soo cool if we could mark it up in this app also!!
I'll help out with android
I started this like 5 days ago it was going good until I didn’t have internet for the whole day and lost my streak. And it kinda got me unmotivated. Maybe you should add a streak saver or something like that.
I’d love to try it on Android 🙏🏻🇧🇷
It helps!
I feel like this will be interesting
It says you can't message the account unless it follows you
Try reading the bible
Hey, I want to start on 2 nephi but it won’t let me, and there’s no way to go back. I’m cool with it. Just thought you should know. It’s amazing though! You are doing great things
Follow me please 🙏 would love to test!!!
We gotta check this out!
Good app but widgets would be nice
I love this app!!! 🔥
Google Play please
You’re a mastermind 👏
I absolutely LOVE this! The questions following in every few verses have made such a difference for me. I’ve read these chapters countless times, but this is the most engaged I’ve ever felt with the details.
Excellent. Just don’t make it look too much like Duolingo. No, there’s no hard and fast rule; trade dress is subjective—because once you get a letter from Duolingo, it will be one-sided. So if a drunk person who can’t read and has bad eyes could possibly be confused, tweak it. That will keep that letter away. Just sayin’ that’s honestly a pretty good legal rule of thumb to go by.
I absolutely love this app. I’m really excited for the next chapters to come out. My only question is will you be making a D&C section. I absolutely love the doctrine and covenants
I would love to try this on android. What a great idea!
👏👏
Hey I’m just wondering what the app actually is… do I just like fill in the blanks? “And my father ____” like that?
This is so amazing thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Done!
@sethgaleshredz it gives you questions over what you read, more like “ what did ____ ask ___ to do??” which I love! I really helps at least me really pay attention to what is going on in every verse
Ohhh ok that’s awesome
w app, its very smooth and encourages you to keep studying
Awesome idea man🔥 also nice hang board
Awesome!!
🔥🔥
When will this app come to Android?
Add annotations
Gasp I need this for android pleaseeeee
So Ik that the BOM is on the app but wutabout the bible and D&C could you add those too
I wish I could show you my little box on my screen right now ❤️
Can we get this on Android
Awesome man!
Can you make a tutorial on how to add the widget to your phone screen cuz I can’t figure it out
Dude, this is fricken sick. I wonder if it’s possible to add a button to leave to gospel library in the same place for more in depth study. Other than that this is an amazing app
Hey man just wanted to let you know that 3 nephi 27-4 nephi 1 is labeled incorrectly on the timeline. I would dm you a screenshot but you don’t follow me so I can’t message you lol but shoot me a dm if you want to see because it might be just my end
Will it be available in every language?
@markcark2025 yes please 🥺
Guys that was me 🥹
Name
just gave it a whirl, im hooked!!
yup
Is it free
I am looking forward to this app coming to Android 🔥
Cults going digital is crasy lol
Please send to me for android testing!!!!?!?!
Yo this app is fricken amazing. Carrying through FSY. I was wondering if you could add like a button where it takes you to the gospel library app in the same place for further study??
This is wrong
can i get it please????🙏
@a10.ben tether
How do you change it to dark mode?
one thing duolingo has now is a way to block your social media apps until you do your lesson, does your app have smth like that/would you ever add that capability? 👀👀
Could there be anyway to link it so that you could high light on your app and have it translate onto the gospel library app? I think it would be neat if they worked together so as you read you can mark it with out having to find it on gospel library. Love the app!
Can I test!?
Awesome
I couldn't find it in the play store... 😭😭😭
I’m wondering… what can I do with my XP? I’m loving the gamification but I want to be able to share with a friend or challenge someone to a read-a-thon… idk
Great work 🙌
I’m sure you’re planning on it, but eventually different languages would be awesome!
@_bon_fish_ I went to the link in his bio and i put my email in and got added to the early access, try that maybe?
@bre.influenced oooh that would be awesome!! Being able to challenge other people!!
I just got added to the early access!! (I think) I'll report back if I find anything else it needs!
Uhhh there is actually a wave to save verses in the lds library app… you can book mark it and save it to journal and you can make as many journals as you want… additionally there’s a collection of annotations you make as well….
It would be cool if there were achievements! This might be really hard but having more BoM related figures, like an image for each chapter or book with the Duolingo style drawing.
Thank you!!
Love this! Great ideas
Make It in android
@hollylulita there is a link in his bio to find more information on that
I LOVE the saved verses!!!
It's available for Android?
@hollylulita not yet it’s currently only on apples App Store
Your app is awesome
Yeah but this is a totally different app.
Honestly I would love if you also made one for the other scriptures such as the Bible or d&c
Could we have widgets and if possible can we also have the doctrine and covenants in a later version 🙌
On the widget. Can you make the blue when you haven’t read and the orange when you have read?
Other languages please!!🙏🙏 I specifically would LOVE French
So when is the android one coming again
You should be able to write why that verse stood out to you
A friend feature
I can’t open the download page in the Apple App Store of tether
I just got the app and it is the best
The Android Demo Version is SO cool. I think this might be my new favorite study app, second only to the gospel library. I have some suggestions though - a way to go back and read previous blocks again - A button sends you to the current verse in the Gospel Library for pausing reading. - If this app succeeds, it would be cool to have a rewards system where XP could be used to collect characters cards from chapters. That'd be really enticing with my ADHD 😂
One question, does it link to your Gospel Library? I think it would fit in well, and you could use the streak too
This is so awesome!!! 🙌 Notes or comments should come next, or some way where you can go back to verses you’ve already read
Let's go! As one of the beta testers, I'm excited that my family and friends will be able to download it!
Read the word of God, not the word of men
It is a good app already in my opinion (Being one of the testers on Android) and it's still in early stages. I hope it will get approved for the Android Appstore because this app can and will generally help to know the Book of Mormon more, investigators, Members or even just people curious of what this book contains. God bless you all, and I can't wait to see this app develop more and more.
@ed_onysh that’s funny
Hey dude, love this. You got way I can support this?
@king_cartographer2.0 a testament of Jesus Christ?😂😂
🙏🙏🙏
Any update here?
@ed_onysh The Book of Mormon is another Testament of Jesus Christ along with The Bible
Thank you! I’m struggling to read it
It's been 24 hours? Any word?
oh I've already been using it... so hopefully they don't take it away from me 😂
@traven.coriell how tho im stuck on the updates page
Any updates?
Es un desafío que realmente quiero hacer!!! Espero Evan que pronto lo puedas lanzar en diferentes idiomas, la traducción oficial del libro ya está hecha, espero con ansias que lances pronto la app en español, con mi familia nos divertimos con la app. Un abrazo Evan!!!
I want the app to show my total days. Not start over every 7 days. I want to show I have been going for 14+. Days without missing
oh I'm on of the testers.
I love this app idea. May I suggest an addition? It would be really cool if you could pick which book of scripture you want to track, like switching from the BOM to the Bible or POGP. This would be such a good study help with the come follow me material to stay on track and would be really cool.
I can help I have Android
Dang! Anyway I can test it out? I am going on a mission and it would be so awesome to use it before it
🙌